From: http://cooking.nytimes.com/recipes/1017334-quick-pizza-dough


Ingredients

2 3/4 cups/390 grams bread flour
2 1/2 teaspoons/7 grams active dry yeast (1 packet)
2 teaspoons sea salt
1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil
1 cup warm water
2 or 3 tablespoons medium or coarse cornmeal


Preparation
Make the dough:

Put the flour, yeast and salt in a food processor. With the machine
running, pour the oil through the feed tube, then add the water in a slow,
steady stream. Continue to process for 2 to 3 minutes (the dough should
form a rough ball and ride around in the processor). The finished dough
should be soft, slightly sticky and elastic. If too dry, add a bit more
water; if too wet, a tablespoon or so more flour.

Lay a 12-inch-long piece of plastic wrap on a clean work surface. Work the
dough into a rectangle on the plastic, about 8 inches long and 6 inches
wide. Press your fingers into the top of the dough all over, making
indentations as though it were a focaccia. Fold the left third of the
dough over (as you would a letter) and repeat the indentations. Fold the
right third over and make the indentations again. Cover the folded dough
with plastic wrap and let rise for 20 minutes.

Cut the dough in half, form each piece into a neat ball, wrap tightly in
plastic wrap and transfer to the freezer. The morning before you want to
make pizza, transfer the dough to the refrigerator to thaw.


Make the pizza:

Bring the dough to room temperature, 15 to 20 minutes. Put a pizza stone
in the oven and preheat to 550 degrees. (If you don't have a stone, oil a
rimmed baking sheet and set aside.) Dust a peel or the greased baking
sheet generously with cornmeal. Working with the dough in your hands (not
flat on a work surface), gently begin to stretch the dough into a circular
shape, pressing your fist into the center of the dough and pulling at the
edges with your other hand. With both hands, stretch the dough, being
careful not to tear it. Working in a circular motion, pull the thicker
edges of the dough outward, letting gravity help you. Continue to stretch
the dough until it's relatively even in thickness (the edges will be
thicker) and you have the size you want. Carefully lay it on the peel or
baking sheet.

Top the pizza as desired and either slide it off the peel and onto your
heated stone, or place the baking sheet into the oven. Cook the pizza for
6 to 10 minutes or until the crust is golden and the cheese is bubbling.
