Based on:
http://www.fromargentinawithlove.typepad.com/from_argentina_with_love/2010/08/medialunassweet-crescent-rolls.html

Argentinean  'Half Moon' Pastries  (Croissants)

Inspired by Katie Alley and Martha Stewart's recipes.

Though many recipes for croissant-style pastry call for fresh, or cake
yeast, using active dry yeast is just fine.  If you use cake yeast in this
recipe, substitute 1 1/2 ounces cake yeast for the 3 teaspoons dry yeast.
Also with cake yeast, it's not necessary to heat the milk.

The dough for medialunas can be frozen, wrapped in plastic for up to three
months, after  the third turn.  I made a dozen medialunas and froze the
rest of the dough to enjoy again soon without all the work.

makes about 2 dozen medialunas

2 cups milk, heated to 110 degrees  Fahrenheit

1 teaspoon sugar

3 teaspoons active dry yeast

1 teaspoon salt

1/2 cup sugar

1 egg

5 cups flour

5 sticks cold butter

1 egg yolk plus one tablespoon milk (for egg wash)

almibar (sugar glaze, see below)

Warm milk and put in the bowl of a stand mixer.  Add in the teaspoon of
sugar and the 3 teaspoons of yeast, and stir to dissolve.  Let sit five
minutes, or until the yeast is foamy.  With a stand mixer fitted with the
dough hook, set the mixer on low speed and mix in the teaspoon of salt,
the 1/2 cup sugar, the egg, and the 5 cups flour.  Mix until the dough
comes together, about three minutes, and then continue kneading until a
sticky but smooth dough is formed, about 10 minutes.

Remove to an oiled bowl and cover.  Let sit for 30 minutes.  Meanwhile,
place the cold sticks of butter between two pieces of plastic wrap side by
side, and pound with a rolling pin.  (This is called preparing the butter
package.) Pound until the butter package is about a quarter inch thick,
and is a more or less uniform square.  Place the butter package, still in
plastic, in the refrigerator for about 10 minutes.

Meanwhile, remove the dough from the bowl and place on a lightly floured
surface.  Roll out the dough, making a 16 by 10 inch rectangle about 1/2
inch thick.  Put the short side facing you, and then take the butter
package from the refrigerator.  Remove the plastic wrap and place the
butter package on the bottom half of the dough.  Fold the top half over
and pinch all around the edges to seal.

Roll the dough again, this time making a rectangle about 20 by 10 inches.
Try to not let large areas of butter escape through the dough; if this
happens, fold some dough over it to reseal it in again.  Place the
rectangle with the short side facing you, remove any excess flour with a
pastry brush (the excess flour keeps the pastry from being light and
flaky).  Fold the top third of pastry down, then again, so that the pastry
is in thirds like a business letter.  This is the first of three turns.
Wrap the dough in plastic and set on a cutting board (or other hard
surface) and refrigerate for one hour.

To keep track of the number of turns you have done, either make a mark on
the outside of the plastic, or mark (as I did) on a kitchen dry-erase
board.

Repeat the rolling and folding two more times. The dough needs three turns
in total, with one hour each between turns.  After the third turn, re-wrap
the dough and refrigerate overnight (at least 6-8 hours).

Turn out the chilled dough onto a lightly floured work surface, and roll
out to a 30-by-16-inch rectangle.  If necessary (ie. the dough is too
elastic), re-chill the dough for 10 minutes.  Using a sharp knife or a
pizza wheel, cut the dough in half.  Fold, wrap in plastic and freeze one
half (if you are doing this, otherwise, skip this and proceed).  Cut the
dough in half lengthwise to make two long rectangles.  Stack one rectangle
of dough on top of the other, lining up the edges.  Cut off the edges to
square up.

Cut the dough into triangles, with a three to four-inch base, and cut a
small slit in the base of  each triangle.  Place in a single layer over
the work surface.  Fold the corners of the slit inward toward the end of
the triangle and press down.  Continue rolling from the base to the tip,
stretching the dough slightly as you go, until the tip is under the roll.
Pull the two ends of the roll together to form a crescent shape.  Place on
a parchment-paper lined baking sheet.  The medialunas can be touching.
Continue with all the dough, and place in a warm place and let rise 30
minutes.  They should not quite double in size.

Preheat the oven to 400 degrees Fahrenheit.  Make the egg wash by
combining 1 egg, beaten, with a tablespoon of milk.  Brush the eggwash
over the medialunas.  Bake for 20 to 25 minutes, or until puffed and
golden.  Remove from the oven and let cool slightly.

Meanwhile, make the almibar (sugar glaze, basically simple syrup).  The
ratio is 2:1 water to sugar,  so adjust quantity accordingly.  Heat one
cup water and 1/2 cup sugar, stirring with a wooden spoon until the sugar
has completely dissolved.  Continue to heat, bringing to a boil, and
simmer without stirring for about 3 minutes, or until the mixture has
thickened slightly.

When the medialunas have cooled, brush the tops with the almibar using a
pastry brush.

https://twitter.com/jschauma/status/450266140359815168
